Fallback cache when redis cache is down (#190)
openfun/richie-site-factory: sites/funmooc/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - Use a custom RedisCacheWithFallback cache to prevent deny of service
>   when Redis is downed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use a custom RedisCacheWithFallback cache backend to maintain site up
  when Redis is down
```
